# Bootcamp Resources

## Purpose
A list of resources that is useful for Coding Boot Camp.

## Resources

### Learn Git Branching
https://learngitbranching.js.org/

### Generating a new SSH key and adding it to the ssh-agent - GitHub Docs
https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent

### HTML in 100 Seconds 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ok-plXXHlWw

### Learn CSS Position In 9 Minutes
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jx5jmI0UlXU

### CSS-Tricks
https://css-tricks.com/almanac/properties/p/position/

### Running Visual Studio Code on macOS
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/mac

### CSS-Position Property parent-child relation 
![CSS-Position](./assets/images/CSS-Position-Property-parent-child-relation.jpg)

### Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI)
https://www.w3.org/WAI/standards-guidelines/wcag/

### CSS in 100 Seconds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEV8gMkCHXQ

### Flexbox Froggy
https://flexboxfroggy.com/

### Website wireframe
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Website_wireframe

### HTML, CSS and JavaScript demo - Liveweave
https://liveweave.com/

### Grasshopper: Learn to Code
https://apps.apple.com/us/app/grasshopper-learn-to-code/id1354133284

### indent-rainbow - Visual Studio Marketplace
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=oderwat.indent-rainbow

### Bracket Pair Colorizer 2 - Visual Studio Marketplace
https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CoenraadS.bracket-pair-colorizer-2

### Scope
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Scope

### Functions
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Functions

### 'this' keyword
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/this

### '==' and '==='
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Equality_comparisons_and_sameness

### JavaScript and JQuery: Interactive Front-End Web Development
https://www.amazon.com/JavaScript-JQuery-Interactive-Front-End-Development/dp/1118531647

### BleepingComputer
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/dev-corrupts-npm-libs-colors-and-faker-breaking-thousands-of-apps/amp/

### Software Developer's Journey
https://open.spotify.com/show/3PFgIWqoWYiz4c85m10LVa?si=b5b7373b803c4e2e

### Syntax - Tasty Web Development Treats
https://open.spotify.com/show/4kYCRYJ3yK5DQbP5tbfZby?si=3ce282af63134dff

### A Question of Code 
https://open.spotify.com/show/4Xr1cxpiCMOHqyP0XIme4k?si=4a2e0dcf4d7c4449

### Learn to Code With Me
https://open.spotify.com/show/6Pz9YOO4XJAL2DRt7RauI3?si=70419363e99048fc

### Front End Happy Hour
https://open.spotify.com/show/0Giuw6eNbTzP9CDZODDrA2?si=2cc6cd4b98774422

### Git Cheat Sheet
![Git-Cheat-Sheet-1](./assets/images/git-cheat-sheet-1.png)

![Git-Cheat-Sheet-2](./assets/images/git-cheat-sheet-2.png)

## Contribution
Made by Bootcamp: CU-VIRT-BO-FSF-PT-12-2021-U-B-TTH class
